you got
the too low
if you can
Shannon Victor chains but the chains
only bring me
Jane's only bring hey guys it's Kate so
excuse my like awful messy room in the
background um but I just wanted to make
a quick little intro so for today's
video I'm going to be showing you a
winter lookbook so I have incorporated I
think five outfits into this video so
just keep watching if you want to see
more and yeah I'll see you in a few
minutes
wishes to you like someday dream about
what we could have been I don't wanna
leave this place there's no faith in
Brooklyn for the first outfit I am
wearing a jean jacket from American
Eagle I think and then I'm wearing these
two rings from hmm oh my god where the
man you ordered me I am also wearing one
of my favorite stars at the moment and
it's from Target and it's super warm and
cozy and then the crop top I am wearing
is from forever 21 and the skirt is from
H&M
but Talk's cheap so I'm paying up new
kicks be the only way Elena
maybe I won't make it as an athlete but
that'll mean to let the car
who are this outfit I kept it super
simple so I paired a bold statement
necklace with this crop top from PacSun
and then I'm just wearing a black skirt
from H&M for this outfit I'm wearing a
cardigan from forever 21 and underneath
I'm just wearing a plain white top from
brandy melville and then my shoes are
from Target and my leggings are from
brandy melville as well
this outfit is one of my personal
favorites because it looks like you're
super put together when really it didn't
take that much planning which I love
because I like to get more sleep in the
morning so what I did was just throw on
a dress and it can be whatever cut
because then I just threw on a sweater
over top of that from - from forever21
um and I love the way this looks it
looks super slouchy and effortless it
gives the illusion of having like a
skirt underneath which i think looks
super cute it's not for everyone but
just to ease my
before and all the way down
now for the last outfit my sweater is
from brandy melville my necklace was
also a gift to me and then the jeans I'm
wearing are from PacSun and the shoes
I'm wearing are from DSW I'm not sure if
that's a local store or not and my ring
is from brandy melville for this video I
hope you guys enjoyed it be sure to
leave a comment down below telling me
which outfit was your favorite um yeah
that is it for this video make sure
you're following me on Twitter Instagram
I almost said Facebook but I don't have
a Facebook oh and add me on snapchat
because I don't think I've actually
talked about this in a video but you
should add me on snapchat if you want to
that is just Kate as Duncan and it's at
the end of this video as always so yeah
I will see you in my next video bye